               ADDON FOR FULL OPTIMIZATION OF SCRIPTS IN STALKER ANOMALY
Developer: Nemessa.                  Tester: Nemessa.                   Programmer: Nemessa. 
===========================================================================
Plan:
1. Rewrite the sleep script, for improved readability, performance. (done)
2. Rewrite some code sections in ui_invertory, for better performance and speed.
3. Rewrite the logic of the npcs, because it's the most demanding part of the scripts.
4. Rewrite most of the code related to alife, for better optimization and speed.
5. Rewrite the system of loot generation in corpses, to reduce the number of lines in the code and improve speed. (Done)
6. Rewrite the system for generating mutant parts in their corpses, to improve readability, speed, and code cleanup. (Done)
7. Rewrite actor_proxy.script, for future improvements in other scripts. (Done)
8. Rewrite the code responsible for the actor, for future improvements, code readability, speed and performance.
9. Remake of sound logic, for better performance and better compatibility.
10. Remake the quest system to make everything work faster, allow for more difficult tasks, script execution faster.
11. Rework everything related to the debug mod.
12. Improve the dynamic news system.
13. Improve the psi storm system.
14. Improve the emission system.
15. Rewrite the fast travel system, I don't know why, but let it be.
16. Improvement of generation scripts, artifact logic.
17. improving scripts containing zones.
18. Rework pda script. 
19. Rework and improving ammo_check addon(my).
20. Rework HF adapdation.
21. Rework parse script. (utils_data.script)
22. Rework parse system. (utils_data.script)
23. Rewrite dialog_manager script.
24. Improving items_manager (itms_manager.script)
25. Improving ui_debug_launcher.script
26. Improving xr_conditions.script
27. Rework xr_effects.script 
